---
cover: .gitbook/assets/Group 3445 (2).png
coverY: 0
---

# ↗ Introduction

## <mark style="color:blue;">What is Reverse?</mark>

The Reverse Protocol is the first of its kind.&#x20;

Born during the early days of the Ohm-Fork craze, brought on by the success of Olympus DAO (OHM) and the game-theory inspired culture of (3,3), RVRS broke away from the trend and started something new. Instead of a straight treasury backed token, the Reverse Protocol created a treasury that was managed by the Governance of token holders and invested back into the DeFi ecosystem.&#x20;

The reward for participating in this project is paid out directly as UST from a percentage of the profits generated by the treasury investments. This structure is now being referred to as FAAS, Farming as a Service.

Reverse is so much more than just a farm token, however. The core team consists of talented members of the Harmony Ecosystem, as well as motivated members of the community. The true value of RVRS stems from the community that controls it. It is because of this community that Reverse functions as it does today, and it is the community that continues to push it into the future.&#x20;

Within the walls of the Reverse community resides an incubator for investment Alpha. Active members from all walks of life contribute with new projects, investment strategies, and rewards management techniques. The community is constantly grinding away at finding every opportunity to squeeze a few more tokens out of the market; all freely shared on our community discord and acted on by on-chain governance.

The goal of Reverse is to create solid, stable return on investment with a non-inflationary reward structure that incentivizes long term investing. This means that our treasury is managed to maximized value capture during expansive market growth, and subsequently retain that value during market downturns. Through effective treasury management, all investors see a stable and simple return that isn't subject to the fluctuations of market trends.

## 🏦<mark style="color:blue;">Reverseum Treasury</mark>

Forfeited assets are accumulated in the Reverseum Treasury for the protocol's benefit. The liquidity and single assets will be actively managed to maximize their efficiency by community Governance. An example of this process would be as follows:

1. A protocol's user proposes a strategy in which 10% of the treasury assets are deployed on UST staking on [Anchor Protocol](https://anchorprotocol.com) and using the yield generated to support RVRS tokens through buybacks and payouts.
2. A discussion is generated and if the sentiment is positive, a fair and decentralized Governance proposal based on [Snapshot strategies](https://snapshot.org/#/rvrsprotocol.eth) will take place.
3. If the proposal passes, the assets of the treasury will be deployed accordingly, following the strategy of the previously approved proposal.
